I'm putting an end to some of the most
common B2B website myths
[Music]
I'm Sam Dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com and host the top 100 B2B
marketing podcast business Grow Show if
you haven't yet check out my weekly
emails where I share actual website and
B2B marketing tips useful podcasts free
goodies and more why not give it a shot
ever at businessgrowth dot email
so coming in at myth number one we've
got your website homepage headline to
share how great you are the awards
You've Won or if you just raised funding
and essentially sharing how great you or
your company is well that's a load of BS
us humans we're pretty selfish beings
when it comes to the core of it we want
to know quickly when we're landing on a
website what's in it for us what is the
problem you fix or the benefit you're
going to bring either personally to us
or to our business
so why be around the bush get to the
point nice and quickly as an example on
a site we've just launched fatal paparin
his home page headline it clearly states
crystal clear on exactly what he offers
so in his case he's got a nice image of
him and then it's got a headline VPS
sales and strategic Business Development
as a service hired by companies around
the world to solve sales and growth
challenges consultant advisor helping
CEOs and founders with aspects of sales
and Biz Dev as the sub headline and then
as a call to action to book a call or
view his results and also above the fold
before you need to scroll down he's got
some brands that he's worked with so
it's clearly saying look I'm an
outsourced VP of sales and strategic
Business Development provider
this is a bit more about what I do you
can have an option to book a call or
view my results and then you've got some
social proof all above the headline
another example is our home page
headline straight away we say web design
SEO and web development to grow your
business then we've got call to action
to view our work or contact us so just
getting to the point and then a slightly
different take for the we have a meeting
that's we have a meeting.com site that
we launched recently they've gone for
the problem focused approach so they've
actually got three headlines three main
boxes on the top of their home page and
the problems are are you breaking into a
new industry or sector are you not
getting enough meetings with the right
people and the third box is not getting
enough meetings and each one's got a
call to action that opens there form
where you can put a bit more information
about yourself your problems and then
book a call with their team so to
summarize
you can talk about Awards one and
funding gained and similar benefits but
don't have them don't take up vital real
estate because ultimately when people
land on your home page they want to
quickly see what's in it for them
probably fix how you help and then guide
them to learn more take the next step
and build some trust straight away this
with that social proof they're not
really too bothered that you just got a
funding round or that you want an award
but you can put that layer in the site
perhaps towards the footer or perhaps on
your resources page or a relevant
section you can mention those things
myth number two that I hear a lot is our
website doesn't matter because all our
work comes from word of mouth or
referrals so no one's actually checking
our website well again I call BS because
whilst this might be true for some
people a lot of prospects are comparing
vendors and they're going to flick onto
your website quickly they're gonna do a
quick Google search or if they know the
direct URL they'll go straight onto that
and chances are they want a site that's
going to load nice and quickly because
if your website takes five six seven or
so seconds to load they might just get
frustrated stop there and head to a
competitor if it doesn't quickly give
them the information they need I.E your
homepage headline clearly shares how you
help the problem you fix if they can
flick through check some of your results
whether that's looking at your portfolio
or case studies or successful clients
that you've helped they're probably
going to want to flick onto pricing and
get a quick idea of rough idea of
Service rates or if you're a SAS company
then maybe three or so tiers that you
provide
and then they're going to want a nice
and easy way to contact cells whether
that's filling out a form or giving your
team a call nice and easily and if they
get a bad impression I.E if the website
looks terrible on mobile or tablet or PC
if it's really slow if they can't find
that key information they want to see
around your offer around your results
around your pricing or if it's quite
difficult to speak to cells then they're
going to get a bad taste in your mouth
that's going to give a poor first
impression and you might be missing out
on business that you never knew you were
going to gain simply because those
referrals those people that have been
recommended got a poor first impression
and they might have just headed to a
competitor that gave them a better
experience with their website so that's
why it's so important you get your site
right you gear it up and you show ideal
clients what they want to see
myth number three is that you should
hide pricing so then you can get more
leads from your B2B website and there's
still a ton of B2B companies that do
this they even have pricing pages but it
just has broad information around their
offer and then guides you to book a demo
or fill out a form and then a sales rep
will be in touch to give you a custom
quote or a custom price or however your
process works now whilst that may be
true whilst hiding pricing and forcing
people to fill out forms might generate
more inquiries it's really going to piss
off your prospects because they need to
speak to a sales rep just to get an idea
of how much you cost and if they can
even afford you and likewise it's going
to annoy your sales team because you
might get a ton of leads that aren't
qualified attire kickers because they
don't actually have budget to do
business with you so if you're a service
based business like us you can give
starting ranges so in our case we give
starting ranges for example landing
pages from 2.5 k custom Legion sites
from 7K on our SEO page we've got info
that most of our clients are paying
three to four K upwards for SEO per
month and whereas if you're a SAS
business you might just have three tiers
like tier A to B to C but the good thing
about a pricing page is not only you can
be transparent and show prospects that
you're willing to give them a good idea
if they can afford your offer and what's
included you can back up your pricing
with social proof so you could perhaps
have video testimonials from Happy
clients
you can answer common questions and
objections that you get with an FAQ
section so if there's common questions
that are raised or common objections
that you get on sales calls address
those directly because this can build
trust it can push prospects that are
perhaps on the fence about deciding
whether to contact you and it can also
save sales time but actually handing
those questions in your website copy
directly so in short
sharing pricing is a good move it
qualifies buyers it sends your sales
teams better quality leads it shows
transparency and also prevents prospects
from just jumping off your site onto a
competitor that's more open with their
pricing
myth number four is that you should gate
most of the content on your website and
when I say gate I mean it could be a
guide it could be a recorded webinar
video series or something else whereby a
prospect has to put in their email
address to access or perhaps even more
of their details just to access the
content so the test I usually run is for
example if you look up the no BS guide
to website lead gen and you can grab
that by going to webchoiceuk.com go to
resources Tab and then go to free
website guide put out this guide a while
ago initially it was a paid resource so
we sold a few hundred copies or so and
then after a while I thought I'd just
make it free in return for an email
address you put in your email
and then you get the guide and you also
get my weekly email tips so we proved to
the market that prospects are willing to
pay for it and then we thought we'd make
it free after some time so that's a test
I recommend but that is the only piece
of gated content we have everything else
is freely available available and the
advantage to that is it's not
restrictive so it's not stopping your
ideal clients from consuming the content
it's actually allowing them to to read
all the content freely at will and
another advantage to making it
non-restricted to making people actually
have access to it is that the content
can all rank on Google
so if you're answering people's common
questions around your industry if you're
handling objections if you're being a
useful resource it can ramp up your
organic position on Google it can drive
more qualified traffic to your site and
of course if your website can convert it
can drive more inbound opportunities for
your sales team and the other Advantage
about putting out ungated content is you
can actually retarget these these
prospects so if you're doing things like
LinkedIn ads you can serve them
educational content case studies bits
and pieces of social proof and
eventually guide them to speak to cells
with those ads that you're serving and
remarketing to so yeah run the test
maybe have one or two a couple pieces of
getting content if your prospects your
clients really agree that they'd happily
pay for it or exchange their email for
it but otherwise I recommend putting out
your best content free of charge whether
that's on your website on the social
feeds videos podcasts and more just like
I'm doing now so you can really educate
build that trust in the market entertain
the market and build up your brand and
ultimately
Drive inbound myth number five if you
build it they will come well this
couldn't be less true for your website
because even if you build a website
that's designed to attract build trust
with qualify and convert idle clients
and your idol clients agree with you
that it's great
if no one can find your website it's as
good as useless so you need to make sure
that you're marketing and advertising it
on the channels that those Target
prospects actually hang out on and use
daily so in B2B this might be LinkedIn
both organic content in the feed and
paid ads it might be using Google search
both through organic SEO and paid
advertising Google ads so make sure you
show up when prospects are searching for
your services or asking questions around
your offer it might be through creating
podcasts or YouTube video content so
again you show up where your audience is
listening to or watching or any other
channels that apply to where your ideal
clients hang out because most
importantly we want to get Target
prospects onto our website so then we
can build trust with them and convert
them into opportunities for our sales
team and there you have it I hope you've
enjoyed me busting these five common B2B
website myths as always if you're on
YouTube a quick subscribe is much
appreciated or on the audio podcast on
Apple podcast rating or review goes a
very long way and with that I will catch
you on the next episode cheers